whoo what's up everybody Brendon Hubbard
here got the iconic CN a building in the
background welcome to SEO mashup Monday
let's get into it
[Music]
i'ma set this up somewhere stable so you
don't have to see me walk in with the
shaky cam
alright so normally on Mondays what we
usually do is SEO mashup Monday which is
like a regular Monday morning news show
of all the cool SEO stuff that came out
this last week but today I just want to
share with you just one thing just one
thing we're doing a giveaway with eight
reps they have an $800 blogging for
business course this course is the time
for language it's aggressive but I'm
excited this is so cool a trust never
does giveaway they don't call it the
Windy City for nothing chuckle eight
reps never does giveaways and this is so
exciting that they're giving away three
copies of vlogging for business I'm
gonna give away three copies of SEO for
the rest of us and I'm just so excited
really Brendon I don't need you to do
any more explanation go to the link in
the description it's right below this
video on YouTube if you're listening to
this on the podcast love it when people
walk by if you're listening to this on
the podcast check out the description
there as well it'll be at 100 days of
seo.com slash giveaway that's 100 days
of SEO comm slash giveaway check that
out if you want to know more about what
blogging for business what the course is
check this out hi there I'm ting head of
marketing at HS and I'm excited to
present to you blogging for business it
is a very detailed cut to the chase
video course that will teach you how to
grow traffic to your blog and turn it
into a solid customer acquisition
channel for your business three things
first this entire course is based on the
true story of how we took our own blog
from a resource that has anyone knew
about one of the most popular and
reputable blogs in our industry in terms
of traffic we went from less than 15,000
visitors per month back when I just join
these chefs to over 150,000 visitors per
month when I started working on this
course as of today the search traffic to
our blog looks almost like a hockey
stick and I'm going to show you exactly
how we achieve that it took me six years
and a different
to figure out the tactics and strategies
that actually work so in this course
you'll be getting six years of blood
sweat and tears condensed into ten video
lessons packed with actionable content
marketing and SEO strategies I honestly
wish this course existed back when I was
just starting out it would have saved me
a lot of waste of time and money
second seeing your blog traffic grow is
obviously both exciting and satisfying
but you're running a business right the
last time I checked they didn't accept
traffic in the banks so you have to make
sure that you're attracting the kind of
traffic that will convert into paying
customers for your business trust me I'm
a huge advocate of content marketing
that brings customers and sales not just
arbitrary traffic numbers and that's why
I named this video course blogging for
business and finally number three it
took me almost a year to carefully
outline and record all 10 video lessons
of this course and judging by the
feedback from people who took it already
I was able to impress even seasoned
marketing professionals not just newbie
bloggers but after creating this course
I decided to go even further and
interviewed three awesome people asking
them all sorts of challenging questions
I interviewed Noah Kagan about growing
an audience
I interviewed Brian Harris about list
building and they interviewed Ramsey
Taplin about starting a blog from
scratch these three bonus interviews are
a real icing on the cake trust me so
what are you even waiting for grab the
course and I'll see you inside alright
so I'm super excited about that remember
100 days of SEO calm / giveaway go check
it out make sure you enter and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
for two minute Tuesday I've been Brendon
hover don't forget to work hard be nice
people and don't get too lost trying to
create something that matters
you
[Music]